Daml Finance: release notes adjustments (#552)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.0.0/docs/daml-finance/index.rst

#. The LedgerTime key has been completely removed as it was redundant.

Streamlining Interface Archival
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Previously, our factory contracts featured a ``Remove`` choice for archiving interface instances.
With Daml now supporting direct archival of interface instances, these choices have been removed. To
facilitate the simultaneous archival of ``Account``, ``Instrument``, and ``HoldingFactory``
interfaces with their related ``Reference`` contract instance, a ``Remove`` choice has been added to
the ``Account``, base ``Instrument``, and ``HoldingFactory`` interfaces.

New Interface Lockable
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The locking mechanism has been separated from the base ``Holding`` interface into a new ``Lockable``
interface (which the ``Holding`` now requires). That makes ``Lockable`` available for broader use;
while the ``Account`` also implements ``Lockable`` allowing to freeze an account, it’s not required.

Additionally, the implementations of ``Transfer``, ``Split``, ``Merge``, and ``Debit`` have been
adjusted to require unlocking before they can be used when in the locked state.

New Instruments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Furthermore, we have broadened the library's functionality by introducing additional packages for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, we have broadened the library's functionality by introducing
```

Reviewer: Only the structured product is in a new package, the new basket asset swap is in an existing package. I would maybe not mention package at all, but just focus on the new functionality offered in this release.

> new financial instruments, such as structured products, and floating rate instruments (both early

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new financial instruments, such as structured products, and multi-underlying asset swap instruments (both early
```
